## Change log

<!--
TODO modify markdown links in text or in Raku links when it shows use of url

TODO Add explanations of module documentation layout in the references of the documentation on site. Add info about the glib types used and what it means in Raku. That properties are mostly not needed because of their getters and setters.

TODO
  Unknown gir type to convert to native raku type 'record' for ctype 'GtkRecentInfo'
  Unknown gir type to convert to raku type 'record' for ctype 'GtkRecentInfo', '(Any)'
  Unknown gir type to convert to native raku type 'record' for ctype 'GList'
  Unknown gir type to convert to raku type 'record' for ctype 'GList', '(Any)'
  Unknown gir type to convert to native raku type 'record' for ctype 'GSList'
  Unknown gir type to convert to raku type 'record' for ctype 'GSList', '(Any)'
  Unknown gir type to convert to native raku type 'callback' for ctype 'GtkRecentSortFunc'
  Unknown gir type to convert to raku type 'callback' for ctype 'GtkRecentSortFunc', '(Any)'
  Unknown gir type to convert to raku type '-' for ctype 'gpointer', '(Any)'
  Unknown gir type to convert to native raku type 'callback' for ctype 'GDestroyNotify'
  Unknown gir type to convert to raku type 'callback' for ctype 'GDestroyNotify', '(Any)'

TODO
  method argument handling of CArray/Array
TODO
  variable argument lists

  * Generate enumerations and bitmasks(also enums)
  * Generate functions
-->
* 2023-04-26 0.6.0
  * Move methods from GenRakuModule to a new module SearchAndSubstitute
  * Generating roles
  * Importing roles

* 2023-04-20 0.5.6
  * Generate different types of methods depending on arguments and return types.
    * Coercion to native types for objects and other Raku types.
    * Return List for pointer variables who get values returned that way.
    * Convert Str Array's to and from native CArray's.

* 2023-04-17 0.5.5
  * Generate methods.

* 2023-04-07 0.5.4
  * Generate BUILD submethod.
  * Add constructor native subs.

* 2023-04-01 0.5.3
  * Generate property information.

* 2023-04-01 0.5.2
  * Generate signal information.

* 2023-03-29 0.5.1
  * Generate class description
  * Generate `use` and `unit` lines
  * Convert signal and property info.
  * Convert Markdown links.
  * Convert code sections.

* 2023-03-11 0.5.0
  * Looking into other repositories such as Glib I've seen that there are problems reading the xml code generated by gtkdoc. For instance, the file error-reporting.xml has symbols used in the docs to emphasize words like `<MODULE>`. That is not properly escaped with `&lt;` and `&gt;`. So those words are seen as an XML element which causes errors. It is imparative that the Raku modules can handle all data in the same way and therefore the gtkdoc is not the proper way to go further. Luckily, there is still another way and that is using the GObject Introspection Repository which consists of a library of routines to get the classes and methods information as well as the signals and properties. The documentation for all this info can be found in so called `.gir` files which are XML files. This also means that, when it works, all locally downloaded source code in the `Gnome` directory can be removed.

* 2023-02-04 0.4.3
  * Need to change the selection based on `$*sub-prefix` because of the 3 packagages Glib, Gio and GObject. The functions prefix all start with `g_` and therefore it cannot decide to which package the prefix belongs.
  * GtkDoc is now working on glib, gobject, gio and gdk version 3 too. Still stuck on gtk version 4.

* 2023-03-02 0.4.2
  * **ApiDoc** Add Hierarchy to objects.yaml.

* 2023-02-27 0.4.1
  * **ModuleDoc** Get enums names, store in module yaml file.
  * **ModuleDoc** Get enum values, store in objects.yaml.

* 2023-02-25 0.4.0
  * **Gnome::SourceSkimTool::SkimGtkDoc::ApiDoc** Get overview of all objects, types and more from `api-index-full.xml`.
  * **ApiDoc** Get deprecated data from `api-index-deprecated.xml`.
  * Store in objects.yaml.

* 2023-02-20 0.3.2
  * **ModuleDoc** Get signals info.
  * **ModuleDoc** Get properties info.
  * Store in module yaml file.

* 2023-02-18 0.3.1
  * **ModuleDoc**; Add function return value and parameters.
  * **ModuleDoc**; Add return value doc.

* 2023-02-17 0.3.0
  * **ModuleDoc**; Add scan of functions from generated module files e.g. `gtkbutton.xml`

* 2023-02-16 0.2.0
  * **Gnome::SourceSkimTool::SkimGtkDoc::ModuleDoc** Add scan of descriptions

* 2023-02-10 0.1.1
  * Got GtkDoc to work, especially the generated program `*-scan.c`.

* 2023-02-06 0.1.0
  * The thought was to rewrite the original code from `gnome-gtk3-source-skim-tool.raku` and its derivatives which I used to generate the Raku code. Now I've found out about GtkDoc. This program scans through the Gnome sources and generates several text and xml files. The result of the scan is available in sections describing code, calls, macros, docs, and more. So that will become the vehicle to generate the Raku code and documentation (if I get it to work).

* 2023-01-01 0.0.1
  * Setup **Gnome::SourceSkimTool**

